[Access for SaaS] Create Miro tutorial (#15755)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/_partials/access/saas-apps/_miro-sso.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never

> inputParameters: param1;;param2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inputParameters: uiLocation;;stepIntro
```
We should provide meaningful parameter names so that it's clear what they're used for. It requires no other changes in the file.

---

1. In Miro, select your profile picture > **Settings** > $1.
2. Turn on **SSO/SAML**.
3. Fill in the following fields:
    - **SAML Sign-in URL**: SSO endpoint from application configuration in Cloudflare Zero Trust
    - **Key x509 Certificate**: Public key from application configuration in Cloudflare Zero Trust
4. In **Domain**, enter the domain you want to configure SSO for and select **Enter**.
5. $2 an email address from that domain and select **send verification**.
6. Once you receive a verification email, select the link in the email, then select **Save**. When the domain is successfully configured, the **VERIFY EMAIL** label next to the domain in the SSO/SAML configuration page will disappear.

> 7. If you have additional domains you want to configure SSO for, follow steps 2.4-2.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If you have additional domains you want to configure SSO for, repeat steps 4-6 for each domain.
```
I understand that this partial belongs to section 2, but I don't think we usually include the section number in the steps.
